Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- The thing that was so cool
about sister Rosa Parks' attitude
wasn't that she refused to
give her seat to a white man,
but it's what motivated her to do so.
Can you hear me?
What led a 42-year-old, black seamstress
to rebel against the establishment?
That's what we must find out.
¶ Nobody, do like Rosa ¶
- You fucking piece of shit nigger!
We gonna feed you to Edelweiss.
Motherfucker, we'll teach
you to spread propaganda
all over the neighborhood.
My name's Will,
and as far as I can remember,
I've always dreamt of having a Afro.
See, it's the symbol of my individuality.
The symbol of all the struggles
against the oppressor.
¶ I'm gonna cross the river ¶
- A good nigger is a dead nigger.
You hear me, motherfucker?
- Some people call it a bush,
I just call it "love,"
and I plan to spread
that love to everybody.
¶ I wanna give you my love
¶ I wanna tell you love
¶ I gotta tell you
¶ I gotta do you
¶ Please let me hear
¶ It from you
¶ And I'll be
¶ Your slave
¶ Baby
- Brothers, we must
forget where we come from
and how the way to get here was.
And nowadays,
more than yesterday,
we must join together,
to make this a better world,
a world where everyone
has his place.
Come on out for Afros
and cupcakes and Lord,
come and experience
the incredible story
of our incredible seamstress,
sister Rosa Parks.
Sister Parks who was
goin' against everyone.
¶ Jesus time
- Refusing, refusing to give up
her seat on that bus...
- Woody, Woody, Woody,
Woody, turn it down.
- But Muh, Muh, Marvin--
- There's no Muh, Muh,
Muh, Marvin, just shut up,
you're making my ears bleed.
- Damn it, Will.
Are you done already?
- I love you too, Marvin.
- That's Marvin,
known as Marv the Scissors.
He the barber from
across the street.
His shop ain't always crowded,
so he playin'
dominoes all the time.
And the guys he's sitting
with are his brothers,
Hathi the Big Ears, you know,
because he got big ears.
And Kahn the Anaconda.
Don't ask.
The brother with
the mop in the back,
that's Woody.
He spends most of his time
sweeping Marvin's shop
and singing opera.
He stutters when he speaks,
but never when he sings.
-
That's Algiers Point,
one of the quietest
places in New Orleans.
You dirty nigger,
This is our first
and last warning.
If you goin' to live,
shut down your propaganda
salon immediately,
KKK.
- KKK?
This has gotta be a joke.
The portrait gallery
wouldn't be complete
if I didn't tell you about Nola.
When Woody introduced her to me,
it was love at first sight.
But her brother
is a bit jealous,
so I try to keep that affair
confidential, you know?
Under wraps.
- What are you doing here?
- Moving in.
Are you happy to see me?
- What about Denzel?
- Denzel,
Nola's half brother,
well they had different daddies
and as incredible
as it might seem,
he is as dark as ebony
and she's white as snow.
- No! You have to
talk to my brother.
- Look, I told you, baby,
I'm gonna talk to him
but you know how Denzel is.
Er, ah sister, you know?
Look, why you think I made
up that pizza boy story?
- You seen my sister?
- Oh, no, no, man but you
need to keep a eye out
on it if you want it to turn
out all right, you know?
- What's that supposed to mean?
- I saw her hanging
out with one of those
pizza delivery boys again.
- Which one?
- His biggest fear
is that someone
will lay a hand on his sister.
- Put yourself in my
shoes, though, I mean,
your brother Denzel
is a little bit
- And ever since
he's been suspecting her
of working as that bunny
to pay them tap
dance classes off,
he's been a bit nervous.
- Touch my sister and
I'll fucking kill you,
piece of shit, I'll
rip out your guts
and I'll put 'em on the--
- I said he looked like him.
Just gimme some more
time, all right?
- That's why I hired
her as my shampoo girl.
She was seeking
any ways and means
of escaping her
brother's vigilance.
Denzel isn't really a bad guy,
but now whenever he
hears anything about
pizza delivery boys,
he goes bonkers, ya heard me?
He just can't help it.
- The fuck?
- If I asked you in here today,
it's not to help me
pick out the color
of a fucking pepperoni.
It's to tell you
that I think you're all a
buncha heap of fuckin' linguini
and your fuckin' brains are
made outta marinara sauce.
Why can't you find this
one fucking moolie.
- Cause it's a big fuckin' city.
This fuckin' guy
could be anywhere.
- I don't give a
fuck, you hear me?
I want you to check
every fuckin' pit,
every dive bar in
this fuckin' city.
I want that fuckin' baboon!
Huh?
Gonna hang him in a tree
by his fuckin' balls.
- Hey, Geuse.
Why don't you just
cool it off?
- Cool it off.
He wants me to cool it off.
It's cool off you
cunt-faced faggot.
You don't even remember
the motherfucker
that fucked you up
and you want me to
cuh cuh cuh cuh cool it off?
- Brief amnesia and the
doctors say that i should--
- Fuck the doctor!
Let me tell you somethin'.
I'll cool it off
when that fuckin' ape
goes back to his fuckin'
savannah in fuckin' apeville
and his fuckin' ape family
friends rip him apart
like a buncha fuckin' hyenas.
- And you ain't doing
yourself any good
by gettin' this
fuckin' pissed off.
- I thought you said you
saw him the other day.
- I think I saw him
over in Jackson Square.
It's fucking Jackson Square,
I lost him.
- Oh, you lo--
Say that again,
I'm sorry, you did what?
- I lost him.
- You lost him?
He's not a fucking !-tip,
he's got white fuckin' hair.
Hey, hey, hey everybody.
How many of you have ever
seen a fucking nigger
with white hair before, hm?
Raise your hand.
Hm, anybody?
You better put your
fuckin' hand down.
Put your fuckin' hand down.
- The fuck you want me to do?
I lost him.
He just disa-fuckin'-peared.
- Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
And fuck you and your
faggoty fuckin' face, fuck.
You know what this fucking
guy has done to me?
Look at me!
¶ A high life
¶ Wherever I look
¶ It's only green lights ¶
- Hey, what?
- He grabbed me by
my fuckin' hair.
My hair.
Then he put me in my
fucking door of my
Cadillac!
- That's what happens
when you lay a hand
on my sister, you
fuckin' macaroni.
- That's what he says to me.
Huh?
Oh, but my nightmare
isn't fuckin' over yet.
No, no not by a
fuckin' long shot.
Amanda comes out, she sees me,
she's convinced that
my ass was kicked
by some jealous husband
who's wife I'm bangin'.
- Gonge, Guesuippe.
Oh,puta fugada.
- Yeah, that's my reality
right fuckin' now, okay?
She doesn't even
say goodbye to me,
she just fuckin' is hammering me
over and over and over again
with her fuckin' purse.
- Fuck you!
- So you know what she does?
She takes my fucking kids.
My kids.
Back to Sicily.
You know what that means?
That means I'm gonna start
getting some fucking questions.
I want you to cue the
Godfather music right now.
Hm?
This is some serious shit.
I love you!
So I want you to find
that fuckin' baboon
and I want you to find
him right fuckin' now.
Yes?
- What if we just
call Enzo?
- What?
Oh, no no no.
Hey boss, we don't
need this fuckinrajol,
I could fuckin' do this.
- No no no no,
that's a good idea.
Yeah, retard face,
I want you to call Enzo
and I want you to tell
him we'll offer him
25K.
- 25?
Why don't you keep your
fuckin' mouth shut.
- Pronto.
- Hey, ciao, Enzo.
Giuseppe needs to find a guy
and he wants you
to take care of it.
- Marcello, you know
how much I hate
to leave the villa
once I'm here.
- Giuseppe's got 25,000 reasons
you might wanna reconsider
leaving your villa.
- Damn it, Violeta, move the
fan, you're blocking my sun.
25 grand, huh?
What's the weather
like over there?
- The weather?
Benissimo.
Oh, yeah, hot and
sunny next couple days.
- You know what,
I'll tell you what.
You tell Giuseppe
just because it's him,
I'm gonna come all
the way over there.
- Good.
- Ciao, see you soon.
- All right, baby, okay,
you know you're gonna
be here for a few hours
it's untangling all these
things but your bush gonna be--
- Hey, Will, I just seen
another one of those pizza guys,
have you seen my sister yet?
- Damn, Denzel, no man,
I ain't seen her,
she's off today,
you want a cupcake?
- Fuck them cupcakes.
- I swear, they gonna be
poisoning all the pizzas.
- All right.
-  - Know what you want, I know what you want.
You're not gonna let Marvin
do your hair anymore?
- That perv's place?
No, thank you.
Last time I was there
he grabbed my ass.
- Say what?
- I swear.
Benny, get your finger
out your nose, right now.
So I warned him,
next time he does that,
I'm telling Karen,
straight away.
- Marvin's not a bad guy.
- Are you kidding?
- I've been knowing him
since he was a child.
He's very sensitive,
I can tell you.
- Sens--? Pfft.
- Cheri, why do you have
to interpret everything?
All I know is,
Marvin is a pervert.
Believe me
- Hello.
Benny, finger, nose, out.
No one had ever thought of
putting Afros together
with civil rights in town,
and the place got so poppin'
that even white folks'd come
here to get their hair done.
And the best thing about it all,
the thing that makes
every barber in town jealous,
especially Marvin across the
street is that Erykah Badu
comes to my salon,
every time she's in town.
Lemme tell you, I'd
be jealous, too,
if it wadn't me.
- Karen! Kar!
Karen!
- The vixen with
the multi-colored nails,
that's Karen, Marvin's
girlfriend, with Nola.
They always together smokin'
and watchin' musicals.
She sells weed and ecstasy,
probably the best in town.
But she has a real knack
for gettin' in trouble.
Whenever a nutcase
shows up in the hood,
you can be sho' he
goin' to Karen's.
- Karen!
Karen!
Karen, Karen!
- What the hell you doing here?
I'm doing my
fucking nails, shit.
Hathi, fuck.
What the hell you doin' here?
Close the damn door.
- I'm out of pills.
- We agreed I was gonna
come to your place tomorrow.
Couldn't this wait 24 hours?
- I know, I know, but
I'm goin' crazy, though.
- That's still no reason for you
to come to my house like this.
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but
I'm fuckin' freaking out.
- Didn't I tell you that
there were some basic
precautions that
we needed to take?
- I know, I know, you did.
- And that's why you
show up at my house
with your balls hanging out
and a fucking wad of cash.
- Look, Karen, I'm sorry,
I'm so fucking sorry, a'ight,
but me and Kahn we
met this girl, right?
And then this bitch just
swallowed all the pills.
- No!
- Karen, Karen,
Karen, Karen, please,
come back, Karen, please.
Please, Karen, please.
Come on, Karen,
don't leave me like this
with my balls hangin' out,
come on now.
- Hey, Woody.
- Vinny!
- What's up, baby?
- Ya, ya, ya feeling better?
- Uh, yeah, I fuh,
fuh, feel great.
And look, I got new watches.
And I can give 'em to you at
retail price,
40 bucks.
- 40?
Well, 20.
- Luh, listen, listen,
Woody, these watches
they're coming
straight from Italy
and they're, they're
real good replica
so, uh, 35?
- Bring them down to 25
and I'll take three.
- You're gonna kill my business,
come on man, look,
look, look, look, Snoop.
- Snoop?
- Snoop Doggy Dog-Dogg.
He wears that watch.
It's a good watch.
- Nice.
- So it's
three for a hundred
and, ow,
I'll throw in three pairs
of the colored drawers
that your brothers love so much.
- I'll take it.
- Yeah, yeah you will.
- I want this one.
- Okay.
- Here, put this on.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa,
hey Karen, hey Karen.
I like this right here,
this is new right?
Do you have some
blush on, you look--
- Don't bother, Kahn, OK?
- OK, so let me--
- No, stop
your bullshit.
Tell me, do you see
a sign on my door?
- Uh, no, no there's no sign.
- How 'bout on the street?
Do you see a poster
sayin', "Big annual fair
"for fucked up nurses and
niggers wearin' silly drawers
"or with big balls
bouncing around."
- No.
- And, do you know why?
- Why?
- Because I'd have the narcs
on my back in a second.
- OK, OK, you don't have to
get so fucked up about it.
I mean, I kinda like
the colored drawers.
I mean, uhh.
- I'm not talking about
your fucking jocks, Khan.
I don't give a shit if they
are green, purple, or leopard.
It wouldn't make a
fucking difference!
You can never,
ever, ever come here
do you hear me?
- OK, OK, OK,
you don't have to get
so mad, all right?
It was Hathi the
one that brought the
bitch to me, I didn't,
Hathi was the one,
Hathi the one that did it.
- No, stop, I am
sick of your shit!
Jesus, give me strength.
- You see what you did?
What you gonna be pissed off
at me for?
You let the motherfucker
take the last pill!
- Shh.
- Hey, turn around, put this on.
- Damn.
- And listen to me,
the two of you.
I am willing to help you
out this one last time,
but you can never
come here again.
Am I making myself clear?
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Be careful with these pills,
I cut them with ketamine.
Get the hell out of here, now!
- OK.
- Wait, wait.
Are you forgetting something?
- Oh, thank you.
- We love you.
- No.
Are you fucking stupid or what?
Get this bitch out of here
before I chuck her in the trash.
- Yeah, yeah.
Hey honey, time to wake up.
- Fucking cockheads.
- C'mon, time to go, yes, yes.
- It was very nice to meet you.
- Yes it was, ha ha ha.
- You know, sometimes I think
I should just give it up.
- I think we should
do one big hit, Karen,
and then no more pot and
pills, and for me,
no more Denzel.
- What do you have in mind?
- A kidnapping.
- A what?
- Yeah, in a few days, there'll
be a wedding anniversary
of Elios Andreopoulus.
- Who the hell is that?
- Elios Andreopoulus,
the Greek shipping mogul.
Bitch, don't you
read the papers?
- No, I don't read
the fucking papers.
- Well there will be
industrial bigwigs,
heads of showbiz and the like.
- What are you
trying to say, Nola?
- Karen, what do I do to
pay for my dance classes?
- Strip.
- I'm a birthday bunny, Karen,
so we'll get hired
as birthday bunnies,
and when the right time comes,
hands on your head, don't move,
or I'll blow your brains out.
Hands on your head, don't move.
- Don't move or I will
fucking shoot you.
- Oh my goodness.
- Follow me and everything's
gonna be all right.
- It will work, why?
Mr. Andreopoulus is
crazy about his wife,
he'll do whatever we ask.
Second, we have the surprise
element working for us,
if we act fast, we'll be
long gone before they notice.
So?
- I think your ass is just
as nuts as Hathi and Kahn.
- Woo, Woody, thank
you very much.
- Well, welcome.
- Bye.
- Hey, what's up, man.
Hey, you doin' all right?
- Yeah, I'm doin' fine.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- All right man, don't spit
in my pizzas, now.
Whazzup, Woody?
- Will, how are you?
- What are you
hungry or something?
I got some cupcakes over there,
fresh-baked baby.
- I can't, Marvin
punished me.
- What's this about?
- I touched his album,
so I gotta stay and sweep.
- Naked babes album?
- Yeah.
- With the--
- With the
bodacious b-booty-licious.
- Yeah, man, but that
don't make any sense,
you can't stay out here all day.
- Gotta stay.
- All right, well I can still
count on you on Friday, right?
- Oh, would, wouldn't
miss it for the world.
- All right, all right,
all right.
I'm telling you, Woody,
this is gonna be
my most beautiful sermon ever,
I'm telling you, baby,
you gonna be there, all right?
- Yeah.
- Ha ha, yeah, all right, Wood.
- See you later.
- It's 10:00 in the morning,
I can't believe this,
and you're already stoned.
- Hey, baby,
don't worry about me.
Pot doesn't do
a thing to me.
Oh, where are we going?
Chill out.
- Dookie don't give me the cash.
- Yes, are you open?
- Yes, sir, yes we are sir.
Please come right in,
have a seat.
Yeah, you can sit
right here, sir.
- All right, sir.
- What you doin', Karen?
You gonna burn my balls.
- Here.
- Hey, hey, what are you doing?
Get out of here.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I can be useful.
- No, no, no, no, move away.
- I got the clippers,
let me help out.
- I don't need your help,
get out of here.
Sir, if you don't mind just
excuse us for one second, OK?
Be right back.
Get over here.
What the fuck are
you doing, huh?
I saw him first,
he's my customer.
- I know, I know.
- All right, so
what the fuck are you doing?
Do I bother you when
you have a customer?
No, exactly,
no, no, no, exactly.
Let it go.
- Jesus, I'm sorry.
- Step over there.
All right, sir, how you doing,
all right?
- Not good, sir.
- Trippin'.
- Oh, oh, oh.
- You cum fast, you know that?
-  - Oh sweet Jesus.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, baby.
God damn.
Hey, Will, what brings
you 'round these parts?
- You ain't gonna
believe this one, Marvin,
guess who came by
the salon yesterday?
- A woman?
- Oh, the most beautiful
girl of all, Marvin.
- You're shittin' me, right?
- Nuh uh, she even wrote a few
words on this photo for you.
Oh shit, no wait.
- Gimme that!
- No, no, Marvin, I'm
gonna give it to ya,
just chill out, I'm just
gonna take it in you know,
the curves and everything,
the beautiful--
- Gimme that, I said, damn.
I'll put this in my album.
Sweet Jesus, she almost nekkid.
- What, oh, oh?
- Oh, that's nice.
- To Marvin, with
burning thoughts,
Miss Erykah "Fat Belly" Badu.
She is bold.
- Oh, oh, oh, you ain't
seen nothin' yet, Marvin,
turn it over, look at the back.
- Oh.
- What is that?
- Well, I told her about
your special album, you know,
and she thought it was
kinda weird at first, but,
she went for it.
- You mean to say, this here
is pussy hair?
- Oh, not just from
any pussy, Marvin.
- Oh,
shit,
pussy.
- What the hell is
going on in here?
- Get a
towel or something, man!
- What is this shit?
- It's from Marvin's
nekkid babes album.
- What?
Yeah, she just cut
her hair for him.
- What? What album?
What the hell are
you talking about?
Nasty motherfucker!
You asshole!
- Coffee, Marse.
- Oh, nice.
Don't touch it.
Salut.
- Salut.
- Oh,
Enzo, fuckin' beautiful.
- Fuck off, Marcello,
the weather's shit,
and I'm in a bad fuckin' mood.
- It's just a little rain.
- A little rain,
my ass, all right,
don't try to bullshit me,
all right,
three more days they'll
have to build a fuckin' ark.
All right, go get my bags,
pay the cabbie,
then go get me a tanning lamp,
and I mean a good one, huh?
I'm starting to
feel pale, already.
- All right, all right.
- All right,
where the fuck's Giuseppe?
- He's in the kitchen,
he's waitin' for ya.
- Bye, guys.
- Ciao, Sabrina.
- Hey, how,
how are you?
- Good.
- Listen, have ya, ya, you
thought at all about, um...
Did you have a chance to think
about dinner?
- You know
the conditions, Vinny.
- Do you mind?
Do you mind?
Forget about the girl,
go pay the cab,
get the fucking bags, and
let's do some fucking work.
Capiche?
- Fucking liar,
son of a bitch, fuck you!
Your brother is
a fucking toilet,
and he just needs someone
to flush all that shit away.
What are you doing
with a fucking broom?
Let's go, get in.
- Did you
let him explain it?
- Explain?
The only worthy explanation
is that the motherfucker
is really fucking insane.
He thinks pussy,
he dreams pussy,
he needs pussy.
Pussy, pussy,
pussy, pussy, pussy.
He won't get away with
it because I am done
with his motherfucking ass,
you hear that, Woody?
You can tell your bastard
brother, we are fucking done!
Fuck, Woody, are you OK?
- I don't feel so good.
- Woody, you get this each
time we go to an audition.
- I'm afraid
you've become very
disillusioned.
- What are you trying to say?
- All right, let me make
sure I understand the goal.
You want me to find this black
motherfucker with white hair?
- No, no, the goal is to find
him before Amanda comes back.
I'm on thin fucking
ice here, Enzo.
You know how Sicilian women are.
She's convinced that some
jealous husband beat
me over the head,
and she's given me 72
hours to sort it out,
or she's
gonna divorce me.
- Get the fuck out, divorce?
- Yeah, yeah.
But, no, no because I
have you, you're the best.
Huh? Right?
You're gonna find
that motherfucker.
- Giuseppe, it's raining
cats and dogs out there,
and look, I got arthritis.
- OK, I'm gonna give
you an extra two thous--
Five thous--
$10,000?
Fine 10,000, you're
gonna do me like that?
Come on, this is my
marriage on the line.
- Bottom line, the weather's
shit, I'll do it for 50.
- 50? 50?!
50?
- And,
a tanning lamp.
- I'm here to take
care of you two,
I wanna make sure you
guys are taken care of.
Look, you can get yourself
a plain facial tanner,
or a luxury tanning bed,
but if your friend
is as fussy as you say,
I doubt he'll be happy.
Gentlemen, take a look at this.
Now if you truly want to
indulge, might I suggest
you choose a product
at the cutting
edge of technology.
And that's the exclusive
way to Bronze Biological.
We cultivate the beet
and the sugar cane extract.
That's right, the spray-tanning
Bronze Biologique.
- 50 thousand dol-- Are you
out of your fucking mind?
You could do this in your sleep.
I'm not asking you to go
after the holy fucking grail,
I'm asking you to find
one fucking nigger
that's got white hair, huh?
Find the motherfucker,
boink him over the head,
and bring him back to me.
- It's 50, 50 grand,
you got the motherfucker
by Saturday night.
- You.
Mother.
OK.
25 now, 25 later.
Hey, don't fucking let me down.
Cause I'm fucking
counting on you.
- What are we doing here?
- Now you really thought
I was gonna forget our
anniversary?
Come on now.
Now you love me, or you love me?
- I love you.
Say it into the mic.
She loves me, yes..
Nola's skin smelled
like green papaya,
as the bangs of her hair
fell over her temples,
her cheeks were all pink and
her lips were glowing like
caramel apples.
The rum was so good
I felt like I could
kiss her all night long,
if she hadn't interrupted us,
I really believe
I would have beaten
the world-record
for longest kiss ever.
Ahh.
You can make it,
you can make it,
the door's right there.
- It looks like the
bed is spinning.
- Oh no, that's just
the rum talking.
- Come on.
- Oh, mmm.
I hate these buckles.
They're always so hard.
- I know.
- Don't laugh at me.
- I feel dizzy.
- You should expect that by now.
- Are you staying a bit?
- Nuh uh.
- Uh huh.
- Come on, he never comes
back before morning.
- It is morning
- No.
- It is
morning right now.
It's morning, baby, besides...
It'd be better like this.
- You're gonna have
to talk to him, Will.
- Mmhm.
- Good night.
- Son of a bitch!
Asshole, liar.
Fucking dickhead.
- Damn, woman, shit.
- I told you not
to come back here.
- Honey, calm down.
- Stop, Marvin, I don't wanna
hear from your sorry ass.
- Listen, Karen, I mean,
it's nothing more than
just a misunderstanding.
- I warned ya, Marvin,
I told you,
if you ever did that shit again,
we would be over.
- That's just a personal album.
I mean there's no need to
make a big deal out of it.
- You're a fucking psycho.
- Listen, honey, I never
said I was perfect.
But, I'm gettin' help.
Yeah, I'm in therapy.
- Therapy?
- Shh.
Oh, shit!
- You're a fucking perv!
- Listen, Karen,
I don't wanna lose you.
I really don't wanna lose you.
Who'll get me my pills?
I mean, yours are
the best in town.
Oooh, woo woo.
- Oh, so that's what
worries you, huh?
- No, no, no, no, don't, hey,
Karen, Karen.
Fuck, dude.
- Asshole.
Now get the fuck out of here.
- Shit, with the god damn pills?
- You make me sick,
pussy hair collector!
- Fuck you, bitch!
- Out!
Fuck you! Fuck you, bitch!
- Damn, this is a fucking doo.
- Get your ass down
and shut the fuck up.
- Motherfucker!
- Hey, Marse.
- Hey, kid.
- You mind if I ask you
a personal question?
- Yeah, it's all right,
go ahead.
- A little embarrassing, though.
- Go ahead.
- Well you're satisfied
with your, um, pecker size?
- It's a little fucking
personal, don't you think?
- Yeah, if, if, if
if it's an issue for you.
- No, it's not an issue for me,
I just don't feel
comfortable standing here
casually chatting about
my privates with you.
- I understand.
Cause you think it's short?
I mean you can tell me,
you can just say,
"Vinnie, my dick's short."
- Vinnie, fuck off.
Go back to work, we got
things to do, all right.
- You don't have
to be embarrassed,
I mean there's nothing
to be ashamed of.
- Vinny, I'm not embarrassed,
all right.
My dick is neither too short,
or too long.
It's about a standard size,
all right?
Go back to work.
- Um, you were never curious
enough to measure it?
- What are you sick in the head?
Go back to work, now.
- Pronto.
Yeah, Marcello, no,
I'm just gonna take a piss.
Yeah, let me tell you
something, Marcello,
you found this great
machine, I'm telling you,
amazing, I've been on
there five minutes,
I can feel the blood rushing
to my balls as we speak.
Yeah, yeah, look, get that pizza
delivery uniform over here,
give me some fliers,
let's get this show on
the road, all right?
Ciao.
What the fuck are
you doing, what?
You painting the bedroom?
Get your ass in there,
come on, you blonde bimbo.
Move it, move it.
- Mm, got, got the delivery?
- He's in heaven.
- Good, so he's happy.
What about your tongue?
- What about it?
- Well, is, is it rather long,
rather short?
- All right, that's it, Vinny.
What's this about?
What's this about, right now?
- Can I see it?
- See what?
- Your tongue.
- I'm not
sticking my tongue out.
- Show me your tongue.
- Why should I
show you my tongue?
I'm not sticking my tongue out.
- Once, one time.
- This is now
getting embarrassing.
I'm not sticking my tongue out,
much less my, my, my penis.
Jesus Christ, what the
hell is wrong with you,
are you sick in the head?
- Come on, it's me Vinny,
just once.
- I'm not doin' it.
One time, that's it.
And then you stop this
line of questions.
- Swear.
Holy shit, you, you
got a long tongue.
- Fine
- It's a good tongue.
- OK, that's it,
this is getting old, Vinny.
I want to know what
this is about right now.
Right now.
- It's sensitive, um...
OK.
Have ya ever been able
to
touch your penis
wi, with
the tip of your tongue?
- What the fuck?
Are you out of
your fucking mind?
Do I look psycho enough to
you to suck my own, ahhh?
Do I look like a
contortionist to you?
What are you on?
It's about Sabrina.
- If you ever reach your penis
with the tip of your tongue,
Vinny, I'll go to
dinner with you.
- Oh, for--
- And if there's even
slightest chance that I can
make this happen,
even the remotest possibility,
then I gotta do it,
I mean she is hot, man,
and she drives me nuts,
and I've been doin' yoga,
and I've been drinking
only mineral water
and I looked at the blogs online
and I haven't eaten gluten
in over a week,
but I'm still like
half an inch away.
Marse? Marse?
- Shit.
- Can't believe this.
- Oh, shit.
- Marvin, this album on
its own is not necessarily
a sign of an
obsessive pathology.
- You don't understand, Doc,
that's all I think about.
Just women, I'm tellin' ya, Doc,
I'm an obsessive.
As soon as I see one,
I just can't help but
think about stuff.
- OK, well.
Now, you tell me a little
bit about your mother.
- What about her?
- Well, do you love your mother?
- Of course I love my moms,
she's a pious woman
who gave us lots of love,
me and my three brothers.
- When you were young did you,
did you view your mother
in a particular way?
- What you mean, Doc?
- I don't know,
Marvin, you tell me.
- Hey, what you
tryin' to say here, Doc?
You leave her out of
this, you hear me?
- You could be the victim of
an unresolved Oedipal complex.
- Aw man,
I just can't believe
it's over with Karen, you know?
- How do you think she feels?
She found your book.
- Oh, damn it.
- Marvin, some women are very
sensitive and
- Sensitive.
- and very very fragile.
- They fragile.
- Fragile and sensitive.
- I'm gonna kill that bitch.
- Hands on your heads,
don't move.
- Don't move or I will
fucking shoot you.
- Jonathan Green?
- Hey, darling, I'm home.
- Hands up, put your
fucking gun down, now!
Now, fucking hurry,
get your ass in there!
Move your ass, now!
Now, now, now!
You give me one more look like
that and I'll splatter your
brains all over
this fucking room.
- You follow me and
everything's gonna be all right.
- What are you doing?
- If everyone stays put,
we won't harm her.
- Nola?
- Will, where the fuck were you?
- Hey, what the hell
are you doing?
- Oh my God, get
in the fucking car.
- What's going on?
- Let's go.
- Who's that? Who 'dis?
- It's Andreopoulus' wife.
- Wait, who, that
crazy Greek dude?
Hell, no!
- Yes, go!
- Shit, shit, shit,
shit, come on.
- Go, go, go,
get in the car, go.
- Get in the fucking car.
- Fuck, Will,
what's wrong with you?
- What's wrong with me?
- Yes.
- You don't even know who
you dealin' with, huh?
You don't read the papers.
You don't know that this
psycho raises piranhas.
Piranhas.
- No, not the fish,
I'm begging you, sir.
No, no, let go of me.
- What was I supposed
to do, I mean,
Woody was stuck in bed
with a stomach ache
and we needed a driver.
- What, snap out of it,
Nola, come on now,
you have any idea how
ferocious these fish are?
They can strip a
body in minutes.
Minutes, come on, their
teeth are razor sharp
and once a little
bit of blood come out
one little drop of blood
come out, they go crazy,
frenzied, they don't stop,
they don't stop,
and, nom nom nom nom,
and then at the end of it,
they start eating each other.
Each other!
And I ain't talkin' bout
in a good way either.
You wanna be the next
dish on their menu?
You want this to end
in a blood bath, huh?
- No.
- I was psyched
about my piranha story,
because the girls
were so freaked out,
they didn't say a word
when I told 'em, bring
back his wife immediately.
- Oh, darling, everything's
gonna be fine, now.
The following days,
stormy winds blew
across New Orleans.
Temperatures increased,
and Denzel sank into
a sharp paranoia.
- Hey, have you seen Nola?
Have you seen Nola?
- No.
- No, I haven't seen her.
- What about Woody,
where's Woody at?
- He's in his room, he's sick.
- Woody, Woody wake up.
Nola's gone, wake up, damn it.
- What?
- My sister's missing.
- Wha, wha, what?
- Nola didn't come home last
night, did she say anything?
- What about Will?
His place is closed
and he isn't home.
- There you go.
They're puh, puh,
probably together.
- They've got nothin'
to do together.
What the fuck are you
gettin' at, you high?
- Their motives remain
unknown but they're described
as two young women
dressed in bunny costumes.
- More details.
- Oh my God, Jonathan Green
is holding auditions--
- I told you that was--
- I gotta call Woody
- Call Woody.
- I gotta call Woody.
God, he's gonna be so happy,
I told you it was him.
- H-Hello.
- Hey, Woody-O, what's up,
you feeling better?
- Nola, your brother just
left my buh, buh, bedroom.
- Woody, let me talk.
Jonathan Green is in town.
- Juh, juh, Jonathan Green?
- Yes.
- Are you sure?
- Oh believe me, that
was him, that was him.
And the paper says he's
holding auditions today
at Algiers Point, so get ready.
- Duh, duh, damn.
- Get in.
- This is magnificent,
hands down,
you're great, Mr. Johnson.
- I told my
husband to leave you alone,
so if you're not
totally unconscious,
I think you should
keep your silence
about Jonathan and myself.
Do you understand, am I clear?
- Very clear, Mrs. Andreopoulus.
- Good, bye.
- You are in so much
trouble right now.
- What are you doing here?
- Come here, we need to talk.
- Easy, you're hurting me,
Denzel.
- Chill out, Denzel,
you're gonna break her arm.
- You stay the hell out of this,
that's what you do.
- What's wrong with you?
- I swear to you
I'm gonna rid you
of this Broadway bullshit.
And from now on, you're
gonna stop seeing Karen.
- I can't take it anymore,
Denzel.
Stop telling me what to do,
I'm a big girl, you know.
- You are my kid sister
and I'm gonna protect you
whether you like it or not.
I'll be damned if you gonna
end up in some strip club.
- Fuck you!
- You wanna bunch of strange men
slappin' you on your ass callin'
you a fuckin' snow bunny?
- Calm down, Denzel,
we didn't do anything wrong.
- Yeah, like I'm
gonna believe you.
Get back, and you know better.
- Duh, duh, Denzel!
- Yeah, duh, duh, duh,
Denzel, my ass.
Stay away from her.
You'll have plenty
of time to think this
all the way through,
because you're not gonna
leave the room until I say so.
What the fuck are you
doing here you cr--
- Stop, Denzel, stop.
Oh, my God, stop, stop!
Denzel!
Stop, you're gonna kill him.
Stop, stop Denzel, please.
- I don't know
about the stormy weather,
but you could show him anything
from tomatoes to mozzarella
or pepperoni, or even the
fucking Mario Brothers,
and he'd go nuts,
fucking insane.
So I wasn't in a
real hurry to explain
what was going on between
me and his sister.
That could wait.
Nola!
Nola, Nola, open this door.
Nola, Nola, Nola, open up.
I don't know, whenever
I look at you, Nola,
I still see that
12-year old little girl
comin' home from school,
I can still hear you laugh.
- I'm not 12, anymore, Denzel.
- I made a promise to Mom
that I was gonna protect you.
I'm not gonna give up now.
- Keep her out of this,
you didn't visit
her grave for years.
- Muh, Marvin, I gotta go.
- Wha, why would you wanna go?
To listen to that gibberish?
- Buh, but you promised.
- Go ahead, go on, go.
- Kahn, sweep the salon.
- Hathi, sweep the salon.
- Can't you see I'm busy.
- Sweep the salon, I said.
- Marvin, why am I always
the one gettin' played?
Kahn always tellin' me to
do what you told him to do.
- Hathi, I tell you what
Marvin tells me to do
because you never
know what to do
until I tell you
what to do, so do it.
- I don't want to do what
Marvin told you to do anymore.
- Marvin never told you to
make me do what
you supposed to do.
He told you to do it.
And besides, sweeping the salon,
that's Woody's job.
Woody's the one who's
supposed to sweep--
- Forget Woody, nevermind
what Marvin told me to do
or not to do,
I'm telling you to do it.
- I'm sick of
doing everything--
- Shut up!
You think I need this right now?
Don't I have enough trouble
with Karen as it is?
I don't wanna hear you anymore.
- Tell it to Kahn.
- You know what, me, too.
I'm sick of this shit-ass life
in this salon that
smells like dead rats.
- Now, dead rats, huh?
That's a real stench.
Do you know how hard it was
for me to get this place going?
The sacrifices I made?
Now, we may not
have the best customers.
But it's a respectable business,
and it makes us a living.
Anything else you want to add?
- Of course not, Marvin.
- So sweep the fucking salon.
- You ass.
Psst.
- Nola, Nola, what's wrong,
baby, what's wrong?
- Denzel is furious,
he locked me inside my room.
- Locked you inside, what?
- Are you listening
to what I'm saying?
- Just dry your tears,
baby, tell me.
- He beat the shit out
of a pizza delivery guy,
you gotta talk to him, Will.
- Of course I'm gonna
talk to him, baby.
- Don't touch me, don't kiss me.
Fuck you all!
- Sit down.
Look, Nola, you need to stop
messin' around, you hear me?
I know the Greek kidnappin'
wasn't a big deal to you,
but it's still on my mind,
so now ain't the time to be
harassing me about Denzel.
- Hey Will!
Will!
I've already been through
plenty of weird
moments in my life.
So I knew this one would
come up eventually.
- I don't know why you
haven't told him yet,
life would be a lot
simpler if you do it.
- Yeah, simpler for you,
not for me, I mean,
I don't know if you know this,
but your brother gets
just a bit nervous
when talkin' about you.
- Is anybody there?
Will!
Hey Will!
Hey, you in there?
Is anybody there?
Will?
- What do you think?
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
You go put this
dress on right now.
- Watch out, if you take
one more step I'll scream.
- Nola, the show's over,
baby, all right?
You gotta put this
dress on all right.
- Will, open up!
- Are you gonna talk to him?
- Get dressed!
- No.
- All right I had it, you gonna
put this dress on right now.
- Let go of me, animal, you're
no better than my brother.
- Put your clothes on!
- No!
- What the hell are
you doing up in-- open!
- No, no!
- Nola?
- I'm gonna have
five seconds to make up a story
and save my ass.
Five, four, three, two,
- Will, what the fuck--?
- Now don't you go up
asking me things, Denzel.
Your sister walked into my
shop just ten minutes ago
shocked cause of the pizza
delivery boy you beat up,
I mean, damn, Denzel, when
you gonna grow up, huh?
She don't even know
when you gonna grow up.
Now, you need to take
her home right now
before she catches cold,
you hear me?
Now, now, now, watch her head,
watch her head, come on.
Easy, easy, all right.
- As incredible as
it may seem,
that was it.
Denzel left with his sister.
I knew she was gonna
drive me crazy,
but what else was I gonna do?
Thunderstorms was
announced that afternoon
and record-high temperatures
for the next night, I mean,
I had no choice, you know?
- I think we should bring
in some gluten-free dough,
because some people
want to eat here--
- Get the fuck outta here with
that gluten-free shit again.
Fuckin' asshole.
Napoli Pizza.
- Gesuippe, it's Enzo.
- Enzo, hey, did you find him?
- Found him?
Listen, the cocksucker
beat the shit out of me
ten minutes ago.
- Oh, I love you, Enzo.
- The guy's a monster,
he had some woman on
his arms unconscious.
God only knows what kind of
horrible shit he did to her.
OK, OK, calm down.
Are you sure it was him?
- What the fuck do
you mean am I sure?
How many black guys
with white Afros
do you know go around
beating the shit out
of anything that moves?
- OK, calm down, Enzo.
- Don't fucking tell
me to calm down.
That cocksucker, he
beat me over my head
with a trash can lid.
- God, I love you right now,
I could mouth kiss you.
All right, listen to me, listen
to me, what do we do now,
Enzo, do you know
where he lives?
- Yeah, yeah, I'm
right next door.
Look Gesuippe, you
gotta come get me,
I think I need a doctor,
we'll get the
motherfucker tomorrow.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah,
of course, OK.
I'll be right over, listen,
don't worry all right?
When we're done with him,
we're gonna fuck him so hard
in his ass he's gonna
look like a real baboon.
Boom!
Oh, fuck.
Oh shit, my spine.
Grab-- Grab my hand.
I can't stand up, asshole!
- Come on, come on,
Edelweiss...
- What's that, Poppy?
- Edelweiss,
that's his code name.
- What's up with these
stupid flower names, anyway?
- Chill out, Poppy,
you respect the rules.
I got him from the pound,
the owner says he's a killer.
- What, a hound?
Are you kidding me?
- He's not just any hound,
he's a killer.
Bark, Edelweiss, bark.
See, sit, Edelweiss, sit.
Let me see your paw,
let me see your paw.
- What the fuck,
is he pissing in the car?
- Stop pissing, Edelweiss.
- The dog is pissing in the car,
the dog is pissing in the car.
- What do you care, the car's
a piece of shit, anyways.
If you slam the door,
the roof opens.
- That's why I bought it,
you fucking moron.
- Well, I can't tell him
to stop pissing in the car.
- Let me explain
something to you, Poppy.
If you let the dog piss
in the car like this,
what do you think will happen?
He's gonna think that
he can piss in any car.
So-- So if I buy
a new car,
he's gonna think,
I got a fancy new toilet.
Stop this motherfucker
from pissing in the car.
- And tell him to stop
giving me the stink eye.
- What are you talking about?
He's not giving
you the stink eye.
- I don't like the way
he's looking at me.
Now you's tell him to stop
looking at me like that,
or I'm gonna put
a bullet in his head.
- You can't shoot a dog,
that's just the way
he looks, all right?
He can't do nothin' about that.
- Tell him to stop
giving me the stink eye.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa,
you can't shoot the dog,
you can't shoot him,
Lilac, say something,
he's gonna make a mess.
- I don't give a shit, it's
goin' to the junkyard anyway.
- I'm gonna open you up,
you piece of shit dog.
- Oh, I got an idea, I got
an idea, I got an idea,
OK, OK?
See? Problem solved.
- There we go.
Finally!
- We're here.
- OK, good,
everybody knows what they're
supposed to do, right?
- Trust me, that motherfucker's
gonna feel the pain.
Every last fucking ounce of it.
- All right, listen to me,
remember, keep your cool,
I want that cocksucker alive,
he's gotta be able to
explain everything to Amanda.
- Trust me, you're gonna
have all the time you need
to get all the information
you need.
- Good.
But when you finish,
I'm gonna take the motherfucker,
I'm gonna
throw him in the basement,
I'm gonna beat him
with a welding machine for
seven days and seven nights.
And when I finish,
I'm gonna take him
and throw him in
the fuckin' sewer,
and let him fuckin' rot,
until the rats come
in his god damn intestines.
- Seven days and seven nights?
We're not gonna get much sleep.
Oh, what the hell is this?
- What, what, what's
happening now?
Tell me, what.
- I don't know, three guys
in KKK outfits just drove in.
- What the fuck are
you talking about?
- They're
going in the salon.
- The salon?
What the fuck are you talk--?
What the fuck is
happening over there?
- What the fuck I know,
you're paying me to get him,
not to look through walls.
Ah, there you are, cocksucker.
- Hey, Will!
- Look at that.
- What?
What's happening?
That's the guy?
- The fuck you
lookin' at, nigger?
- What the, oh!
- Fuck.
- What's happening?
Let me know.
- The, the, the, the
guys in the KKK outfit,
they're beating the
shit out of the--
he's bleeding,
he's on the floor.
- What?
Are you kidding me?
- What do you want me to do?
What the fuck you want me to do?
- You get in there, and
you fucking save his ass,
so you can bring him back
here so I can kick his ass.
- Hey, hey,
there they are, right there.
- Come on.
- Ah, shit, fuck.
- What are they doin'?
- Let's get him, let's go.
Let's go.
OK, we're on the bridge,
do you see anything?
There's nobody here, no.
- Oh shit, shit.
- Enzo, listen to me,
listen to me.
That cocksucker,
that god damned cocksucker
smashed my neck and Amanda's
coming home tomorrow,
I need him alive!
- Giuseppe, ,
I understand
you need him alive.
- The van!
- What the f--?
What?!
Enzo, what happened?
- God damnit,
motherfucker, cocksucker.
- Hello?
Fuck!
- Fuck.
- Shit.
- Hello?
Nola, is that you?
What happened?
Calm down, baby, where are you?
- In the apartment...
- Stay where you are, alright?
Don't move, I'll be right there.
Are you all right,
what happened?
- I just got a little scared,
that's all.
- Who did this to you?
Nola, who did this to you?
- Marvin.
- What? Marvin?
- He didn't recognize
me Denzel, I swear,
He had a weird haircut,
it was crazy.
- Marvin did this to you?
Get in.
- Don't, Denz, I think he was stoned.
Don't!
- Lock the door.
- Oh, Denzel.
You wanna use the phone?
- I swear on
my mother's grave,
touch her again
and I'll fuckin' kill you.
Oh shit, you motherfuckers.
You mother--
What the fuck is all this?
- All right, listen, we can
explain that, all right.
The KKK costumes,
it was Marvin's idea.
- It was all Marvin's plan,
man, all right.
He went crazy, man, he
even shot me in my foot.
- Wait, what are
you talkin' about?
- The whole KKK thing, man,
it was just to scare Will
you know?
- Yeah.
- And try to get
some of his customers, man.
You, you weren't supposed to be
involved with that at all, man,
that wasn't supposed
to be you there.
- Exactly, come on,
you know Marvin's been
goin' crazy lately,
you know what I'm sayin'?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- You know, and when
he broke up with Karen,
you know--
- Which one of you
knocked me out?
- Kahn.
- Hathi.
- Hathi!
- Kahn.
- Hathi.
- Kahn, Kahn, Kahn!
- Hathi!
- I'm telling you
right now, that motherfucker
is crazy, he the one that
knocked you out, man.
I'm telling you, whoa whoa whoa.
- One more time, one more time.
Which one of you knocked me out?
- I'm telling you, man,
it was him.
- I did, I did, OK?
I did.
I didn't really have a choice,
man, come on,
I, I, I, I, I know
you understand, right?
You understand what I'm sayin',
it's Marvin.
- Do we have to do
it like this, man?
Come on, we could--
- All right, Klu Klux Kahn,
tell me your story.
- All right, OK, tonight...
Will gave his sermon
about Rosa Parks.
- What led a 42-year-old
black seamstress to rise,
- to rise, to rise against the establishment?
-  - Dignity!
Yeah, you right, my sister,
dignity, dignity.
The deep consciousness
of her human dignity.
Yeah, you right, dignity.
Best to be, Sister Rosa Parks.
- And everything was set, we
waited for the salon to empty,
and he was by himself,
and we came in dressed
in our costumes.
It wasn't about hurting him.
It was about scaring him
just a little bit.
Marvin, he went nuts.
A few minutes earlier,
he popped some pills,
and I told him not to.
But he didn't care.
Orchid, don't, those
pills are loaded.
Yolanda took some and
had the worst trip.
- Shut the fuck up.
Hermie, I know what I'm doing.
Get yourself ready.
Where the fuck is he?
- That shit totally ruined
his brain, man, I don't know,
you know, he went half nuts.
He told us he would kill us
if we don't hold Will down.
What would you have done?
It's only later when we
took all his clothes off
and put a bag on his head,
that you showed up.
Listen, I can assure you,
that was not part of the plan.
OK, I only hit you
and knocked you out
because I was afraid that
Marvin was gonna shoot you.
Hey man, this thing is
really starting to get hot.
- So what did you do with Will?
- We, we brought him to,
to Saint Thomas Bayou.
- Take off your jocks, nigger.
Come on, get naked, I want
to see you naked as a worm.
- Orchid, what are you doing?
- Shut up!
Come on, motherfucker,
get naked.
Take off those
fucking jocks, nigger.
Get naked, I wanna see
you naked, now come on.
You gonna run, you gonna run,
and pray that your heart stops
before the beast of the bayou
here eats you alive.
Turn.
And run.
- All right, so that's where
shit just got out of hand.
Like this is out of hand, OK?
Edelweiss looked at him funny,
he shot it and missed,
and then hit Hathi in the foot.
- Still don't like the way
that dog's lookin' at me, man,
you heard me?
- What are you talking about?
He's not lookin' at you.
- That dog keeps
lookin' at me like that,
I'm gonna shoot that dog,
you heard?
- You better not shoot him,
you better not shoot him,
you understand me?
You better not shoot him!
- Oh yeah?
- Ooh!
- Edelweiss?
- Yes, that's the code
name for the fucking dog.
Don't you know that I hate dogs?
Did you ever know that about me?
I fuckin' hate dogs, man,
they ain't good for shit,
but to bark, piss,
and shit everywhere.
- How did it end?
- I'm on fuckin' frying
right now, man, please!
- You better speak before I
smoke your ass here all night.
Talk!
- OK, OK.
- He kept shootin' the dog,
OK, and I told him,
man, stop shootin' the dog
or whatever, but one of 'em
got away, hit Will, Will hit
the ground, man, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Things just happened
too fast, man.
Come on, get me
out of here, man,
I am burning up.
Come on, man,
turn this shit off, all right?
You know everything right now.
You know everything, OK?
There's nothing more to say.
We came back to the shop,
Marvin, went to move the car,
we were taking off our
makeup and I was tendin'
to his fucking foot over
there and then you walked in.
OK? I'm burning, man!
- Hello, hello!
Hello, is anybody there?
Hello, hello,
hello, hello, hello.
Oh hey, hi.
- Fuck!
- Hey, hey.
- What the hell
are you doing here?
- Oh I, uh, um, uh,
looking for the guys
with the colored undies.
- For what?
- I, uh, I need the pills.
- Forget it, I'm out.
- You don't understand,
I need those fucking pills!
Those fucking pills!
- Get of me!
- Karen? Oh my God!
Come on.
- My pills!
Oh my God, who is that girl?
- She's a friend
of Kahn and Hathi.
She took the fucking pills.
- What's going on?
- There's ketamine
in the fucking pills.
- Calm down, Karen, calm down.
- No, no, those damn
motherfuckers act directly
on the central nervous system.
- She dead?
- I don't fucking know.
- What do we do, Karen?
- I don't know.
Fuck, grab her, come on.
Bitch is heavy.
- Oh help, help!
You gonna toast me right now?
Oh my goodness,
turn this shit off!
Come on man, oh God, oh shit!
- My God, what?
What is going on here?
- I'm burnin'!
- These fuckers assaulted Will.
- What? Where is he?
Fuck, Denzel, where is he?
- Saint Thomas Bayou.
- Nola, wait!
- Nola, wait.
- Hey no, hey, Karen,
Karen!
Karen, turn it off,
come here, come here!
Turn it off, Karen,
get over here.
Turn it off, now.
¶ High life
¶ Wherever I look
¶ It's only green lights
¶ I'm flyin' above the birds
¶ High in the trees
¶ Singin' with me
¶ I'm feelin' so free today
¶ I kissed my bride ¶
- My name's Will,
and as far as I can remember,
I always dreamt
of having an Afro,
it's the symbol of
my individuality.
The symbol of all the struggles
against the oppressor.
- Will!
- Nola?
- Will, Will.
- Nola, Nola?
- Baby, it's me
- Oh my God, what have they
done to you, don't move.
Oh my God.
- Baby.
- Oh, they shaved your Afro.
- It's all right, baby,
it's all right, you here.
- It was so scary.
- It's just fine, it looks
worse than it is, all right?
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
A few months later,
we were at the church
celebratin' our wedding.
Denzel had finally
opened his eyes
and accepted the situation.
He had done a lot
of work on himself.
He even forgave Marvin.
- Nola was more
beautiful than ever.
Now our honeymoon to Broadway
was scheduled for next fall.
Woody got a call back
from Jonathan Green.
Karen stopped cuttin'
pills with ketamine,
Marvin was tryin' to
regain Karen's heart,
pizza boys started delivering
in the neighborhood again,
and Algiers Point
had gone back to its
legendary quietness.
Me, I'm just waitin'
for my bride.
And for my hair to grow back.
- You may all be seated.
In the name of the
Father, the Son,
and the Holy Spirit,
amen.
- Amen.
- We are gathered here today
to celebrate this union
of Nola and Will.
Let us pray.
Father, you have blessed
the wedding
and called it to be
a spiritual marriage.
- Psst.
- Symbolic of your love
for your son, Jesus Christ.
And of our Father
who lives and reigns with you,
and of the Holy Ghost,
one God forever.
- I'm sorry, Father, let her go.
- What are you doing, Denzel?
- Look, trust me Nola, OK?
I know what's good for ya.
- No, what are
you doing, Denzel!
- Sorry, Will, I'm
not in the mood.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org